c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Game1.exe
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Game1.pdb
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\lvlEdit.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.starterform.resources
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\lvlEdit.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.exe
c:\users\adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.pdb
C:\Users\Adamin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Game1\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\NewSpriteFont.xnb
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.exe
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.pdb
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\NewSpriteFont.xnb
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Game1.exe
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\Game1.pdb
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\lvlEdit.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\Game1.starterform.resources
C:\Users\Adamin\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\lvledit\Game1\obj\x86\Debug\lvlEdit.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
